Upgrading terraform cloud in the UI using plan-only and allow-empty-apply runs (#2313)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/cloud-docs/run/modes-and-options.mdx

- **CLI:** Use `terraform plan -replace=ADDRESS` or `terraform apply -replace=ADDRESS`.
- **API:** Use the `replace-addrs` option.

## Allow Empty Apply

> A no-operation (empty) apply enables Terraform Cloud to apply a run that produces no changes rather than simply finishing after the plan stage. Empty applies are particularly useful for users wishing to upgrade a Terraform Cloud workspace's latest state version to the desired Terraform version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A no-operation (empty) apply enables Terraform Cloud to apply a run from a plan that contains no infrastructure changes. During apply, Terraform can upgrade the state version if required. You can use this option to upgrade the state in your Terraform Cloud workspace to a new Terraform version.
```

> -> **Note:** Terraform Cloud cannot guarantee that a plan in this mode will produce no changes and so it is advised to check for resource drift beforehand.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
~> **Warning:** Terraform Cloud cannot guarantee that a plan in this mode will produce no changes. We recommend checking the plan for drift before proceeding to the apply stage. 
```

- **API:** Set the `allow-empty-apply` field to `true`.
- **UI:** Use the "Start new plan" action from a workspace's "Actions" menu, then select the "Allow empty apply" option in the new plan dialog.

> ## Plan Only

Reviewer: I think we need to specify in this section that this is a speculative plan. Maybe we need to change the title to "Plan Only - Speculative Plan" or something similar. 

then we need to link to this new section you're making from this existing section on speculative plans: https://www.terraform.io/cloud-docs/run#speculative-plans. I recommend doing an in-text link. Something like : "Speculative plans are [Plan Only runs](/cloud-docs/run/modes-and-options). They show a set of possible changes and check them against Sentinel policies, but cannot apply those changes."

My concern here is just. We need to make sure that people understand that Plan Only = Speculative Plan. Thoughts?

Author: Great idea. I was thinking that we should just stick with one phrase but upon further inspection Speculative plans are already documented extensively so it makes sense to connect these together.

> A plan-only run is a way to create an un-apply-able plan using a specific terraform version that may differ from the workspace version. This is useful when checking if your configuration is upgradable to a newer terraform version without changing the workspace settings first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Plan Only option creates a plan that Terraform cannot apply. You can use it to test a specific terraform version that may differ from the workspace version. This lets you check whether your configuration is compatible with a newer terraform version without changing the workspace settings.
```

- **API:** Set the `plan-only` field to `true` and specify an available terraform version using the `terraform-version` field.

> - **UI:** Use the "Start new plan" action from a workspace's "Actions" menu, then select the "Plan only" option in the new plan dialog.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **UI:** Open the workspace's **Actions** menu, select **Start new plan**, and then choose **Plan only** as the run type.
```
